Add info on track event for openURL method (#4925)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/apple/implementation.md

    }
}
```

> Calling this method with a valid URL parameter, will also trigger a Segment `Deep Link Opened` track event. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you call this method with a valid URL parameter, a Segment `Deep Link Opened` track event triggers. 
```
